Cyclomedia Technology B.V. (‘Cyclomedia’) is registered in the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce under number 16063843.

USER TERMS AND CONDITIONS STREET SMART

The usage of Image Material and/or the Information Products and the Software as a Service Services (‘SaaS Services’) made available via Street Smart by means of an agreement with the organization for which you work, be it as an employee or on assignment basis, is only permitted under the following terms and conditions.

Definitions

Image Material: Cycloramas, Aquaramas, Aerials, Aerial photographs and/or 3D images or other static and/or moving images.

Information Products: Any data generated from Image Material and/or generated from other datasets or object information and/or change detection data in any form, including but not limited to BAG Smart, 3D data and data with regard to traffic signs, road markings and light poles.

User: The duly authorized user of products and/or services under the Agreement, who is employed by the Customer or has been authorized by the Customer within the Customer’s organization on any other basis.

Agreement: The agreement between or on behalf of Cyclomedia and the organisation of the User (‘Customer’) which sets out their mutual rights and obligations relating to the software to be provided or the Services and/or Products to be delivered by Cyclomedia to the Customer.

Software: The computer software to be provided by Cyclomedia to the Customer, including scripts and data sets, including but not limited to standard data layers, as well as Documentation.

System: Computer and related equipment used by or on behalf of Cyclomedia for access to the SaaS Services, services, products and/or use of the Software.

1. The User shall (a) keep the access code(s) provided secret, (b) immediately inform Cyclomedia if the User no longer possesses the access code(s) and (c) not transfer to third parties, or allow third persons to use, its access code(s), the documentation or manual or other rights arising under the Agreement, unless Cyclomedia has expressly granted written permission for it. The User is at all times responsible for the use of any access code.

2. The User shall notify Cyclomedia in writing as soon as possible of any changes in relevant personal details concerning the User.

3. The User is not permitted to use the Image Material and/or the Information Products for other than the purposes for which it has been provided by means of the Agreement.

4. Without Cyclomedia’s prior permission to the Customer in writing, the User is not permitted to:
4.1 make the Image Material and/or the Information Products available to third parties;
4.2 change or remove references to Cyclomedia in the Image Material and/or the Information Products;
4.3 disclose the Image Material and/or the Information Products to the public (including all conceivable Internet applications);
4.4 lease out, sublicense, sell, dispose of, pledge or transfer by way of security the Image Material and/or the Information Products or to allow third parties for any reason to use it for any purpose;
4.5 trace metadata from the Image Material in so far as these metadata are not necessary for the intended use of the Image Material. The tracing of recording locations and the tracing of natural persons whose personal data has been anonymized, is under no circumstances permitted;
4.6 to systematically download cut-outs of Image Material and/or Information Products;
4.7 to use the Image Material and/or the Information Products for systematic inventory, annotation and/or change detection of (characteristics of) objects and 'points of interest' (hereinafter "Data Analysis") for publication, distribution and/or commercial purposes of any nature whatsoever, including but not limited to renting, leasing, (sub)licensing, issuing, selling, disposing of, pledging, transferring as security or under any title whatsoever and allowing third parties to use (the results of) the Data Analysis for any purpose whatsoever.

5. The processing of the Image Material by the User may involve processing of personal data, e.g. recognizable faces and license plates of vehicles, within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’). The User shall act in compliance with the GDPR and any other statutory rules, codes of conduct, privacy regulations and conditions.

6. The User shall inform Cyclomedia immediately of all relevant facts and circumstances as soon as the former discovers any unauthorized use of the Image Material.

7. In the event that the User uploads 3D models (IFC Format) into the Street Smart functionality, the User confirms that it is entitled to upload these 3D models and to use these or have these used within Street Smart by or on behalf of the Customer. In relation thereto, the User further confirms to act in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to privacy regulations.

8. The right of use is granted for usage on a maximum of 3 different user devices per concurrent user, unless agreed otherwise in writing.

9. The User shall meet the technical or other prescriptions, conditions and procedures which are provided by or on behalf of Cyclomedia.

10. The User shall refrain from obstructing Cyclomedia, other customers of Cyclomedia and other Internet users from using the System and/or from damaging the System. The User is not permitted to start processes or programs – whether or not through the System – of which the User knows or can reasonably suspect that it may obstruct Cyclomedia, other customers of Cyclomedia and other Internet users or cause damage.

11. The User is not permitted to use the System for any acts that are contrary to applicable statutory provisions, self-regulation, general guidelines and codes of conduct on the use of the Internet (e.g. Netiquette), the Agreement or these user terms and conditions.

12. Cyclomedia is entitled to include the personal data concerning the User in Cyclomedia’s registration of persons, which is required for its accounting and management tasks, and shall comply with the provisions in the GDPR in processing these personal data.

COOKIES
The Street Smart website uses cookies to analyze the use of Street Smart and improve it. This contributes to align the Street Smart service with our customers’ way-of-working. Cyclomedia uses AppDynamics cookies to measure user experience and performance of Street Smart, for instance to measure the website loading speed or failure of the service. Further, AppDynamics cookies are used to for instance analyze from which country our service is consulted and which browser is used. In addition, we use cookies from Amplitude to learn how Street Smart is used, for example, how a User navigates between the various functionalities. Further we employ Hotjar cookies to ask Users for targeted feedback on Street Smart services and to facilitate user surveys. More information about the Cookie Policy is available on the Cyclomedia website.

By clicking Accept you agree to these user terms and conditions Street Smart
© Copyright 2023 Cyclomedia Technology B.V.